Problem number three, I know that this is going to seem like a silly exercise in a little bit once
we get the hang of it, but either way, though, this is something that's going to be necessary for
us to be able to complete the the problems where the object is being thrown directly straight up in
the air.
So it's just saying, hey, let's fill in the missing values.
All right.
So for the first ball's trajectory, where it gets thrown straight up in the air and it comes straight
down, it's going to be in the air for a total of eight seconds.
OK, so that being the case, if it's in the air for eight seconds, one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight.
What is it how much time does it take to rise from being on the ground all the way up to the maximum
height?
Well, if it's in the air for a total of eight seconds and we know that the object trajectory is symmetric,
well, then we know that the object will take four seconds for it to rise, although up to maximum height
as well as they'll take another four seconds for it to fall from the maximum height that onto the ground
or to the level at which it was thrown.
OK, well, what if for this one, it takes two seconds for to go from the ground or the point at which
it was actually launched up in the air all the way to the maximum height?
How much time does it take for it to fall all the way back down to the ground?
Another two seconds.
And what's the total time that the ball was in there or the object?
Certainly the hang certainly get the point of this.
So it takes three seconds for the ball to fall, how much time does it take for it to get all the way
up to the maximum height?
And how long has it been in the air for in total?
OK, and for this last one, five seconds, so it takes two point five seconds for it to get all the
way up to the maximum height and it takes two point five seconds for the object to fall.
We'll see the relevance in this and when we start doing these problems.